Update troubleshooting guide for Spyder 6 (#419)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/troubleshooting/basic-first-aid.rst

#. **Restart Spyder**, and try what you were doing before again.

#. **Upgrade Spyder** to the latest release, and you might find your issue is resolved (along with new features, enhancements, and other bug fixes).

>    Patch releases come out every month or two, so unless you've updated recently, there is a good chance your version isn't the latest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Bugfix releases come out every month or two, so unless you've updated recently, there is a good chance your version isn't the latest.
```

`patch` is a bit technical.

   You can find out with the :guilabel:`Check for updates` command under the :guilabel:`Help` menu.

   .. image:: /images/basic-first-aid/basic-first-aid-updates.png
      :alt: Spyder showing view internal console option

   Recent versions of Spyder using our recommended :ref:`install-standalone` will offer to automatically update themselves for you.
   If using an older version of Spyder or a non-standalone build (e.g. installed with Pip or Conda), we recommend downloading and running our latest :ref:`install-standalone`.

   To perform the update with Conda, see the FAQ :ref:`update-conda`; to update with Pip use ``pip install --ugprade spyder``.

>    If that still doesn't work, we recommend update Spyder's dependencies and environment, either by installing the latest version of your Conda distribution, or with the relevant "update all" command in your terminal (or Anaconda Prompt on Windows).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If that still doesn't work, we recommend updating Spyder's dependencies and environment, either by installing the latest version of Anaconda/Miniconda/Miniforge, or with the relevant "update all" command in your terminal (or Anaconda Prompt on Windows).
```

Make things more explicit.

      This will reset your preferences, as well as any custom keyboard shortcuts or syntax highlighting schemes.
      If you particularly care about any of those, you should make a copy of the :file:`.spyder-py3` folder in your user home directory (:file:`C:/Users/YOUR_USERNAME` on Windows, :file:`/Users/YOUR_USERNAME` on macOS, or :file:`/home/YOUR_USERNAME` on Linux), and restore it afterwards if this doesn't solve the problem.

#. **Try reinstalling Spyder** via our :ref:`install-standalone` (recommended), or in a fresh Conda/virtual environment, and see if the issue reoccurs.

> If using Conda to install Spyder (only recommended for advanced users needing plugin support), in your system terminal (or Anaconda Prompt on Windows), run the following commands to create an a fresh, clean environment and start Spyder in it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Conda to install Spyder (only recommended for advanced users needing plugin support), in your system terminal (or Anaconda Prompt on Windows), run the following commands to create a clean environment and start Spyder in it:
```

Remove unneeded words.

If none of the previous steps solve your issue, you should do a full uninstall of Spyder by whatever means you originally installed it.

For Spyder's standalone installers, the uninstall mechanism varies depending on your operating system.
On Windows, it can be removed via the entry under :guilabel:`Add or remove programs`.

> For Anaconda/Miniconda follow all the steps under `Anaconda uninstall guide`_/`Miniconda uninstall guide`_, or for Miniforge follow the `Miniforge uninstall instructions`_ on macOS/Linux or remove it from :guilabel:`Add or remove programs` on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Anaconda/Miniconda follow all the steps under `Anaconda uninstall guide`_/`Miniconda uninstall guide`_, or for Miniforge follow the `Miniforge uninstall instructions`_, or remove it from :guilabel:`Add or remove programs` on Windows.
```

That sentence is a bit confusing, so I suggest to remove it.

Author: The revised structure flows poorly, reads unidiomatically and is confusingly ambiguous, with a double "or", broken parallelism and no longer clearly grouping the Miniforge items together, whereas the original had none of these issues and was perfectly valid syntactically and grammatically. I'm not sure what's unclear other than the length/complexity, but for that we can simply split it into two sentences so its clearer:

```suggestion
For Anaconda/Miniconda, follow all the steps under `Anaconda uninstall guide`_/`Miniconda uninstall guide`_.
For Miniforge, follow the `Miniforge uninstall instructions`_ on macOS/Linux or remove it from :guilabel:`Add or remove programs` on Windows.
```

Then, delete the Anaconda/Miniconda/Miniforge directory wherever it was originally installed, and (on Windows) remove the :file:`%appdata%/python` directory if it exists.

.. image:: /images/basic-first-aid/basic-first-aid-app-data.gif
   :alt: Deleting AppData/python directory

> Then, do a clean install of the latest version of our :ref:`install-standalone`, which is how we recommend you install Spyder and keep it up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, do a clean install of the latest version of our :ref:`install-standalone`, which is how we recommend you install Spyder and keep it up to date.
```

Avoid repeating the starting `then` from the last sentence.

#. **Spyder** itself, of course!
   Make sure you can reproduce the error after closing and reopening it, if possible.

#. **A bare QtConsole instance**, e.g. launched from the system terminal (Anaconda Prompt, on Windows) with ``jupyter qtconsole``.

   .. image:: /images/basic-first-aid/basic-first-aid-qtconsole.png
      :alt: Anaconda navigator showing qtconsole

>    QtConsole is the GUI console backend Spyder depends on to run its code, so most issues involving Spyder's :ref:`panes-console` are actually something with QtConsole instead, and can be reported to the `QtConsole issue tracker`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   QtConsole is the GUI console backend Spyder depends on to run its code, so most issues involving Spyder's :ref:`panes-console` have usually something with QtConsole instead, and can be reported to the `QtConsole issue tracker`_.
```

Improve wording a bit to this sentence easier to read.

Author: You're missing some key words here; attempting to fill in what you might mean (it's not entirely clear):

```suggestion
   QtConsole is the GUI console backend Spyder depends on to run its code, so most issues involving Spyder's :ref:`panes-console` usually have something to do with QtConsole instead, and can be reported to the `QtConsole issue tracker`_.
```

#. **An IPython command line shell**, launched with e.g. ``ipython`` from system terminal (Anaconda Prompt, on Windows).
   Reproducible bugs can be reported to the `IPython issue tracker`_, though make sure to read their guidelines and docs first.

#. **A standard Python interpreter**, either run as a script file with ``python path/to/your/file.py`` or launched interactively with ``python`` from your system terminal (Anaconda Prompt, on Windows).

>    While it is not impossible that you've found Python bug, it is much more likely to be an issue with the code itself or a package you are using, so your best sources are the `Python docs`_ and the other resources listed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   While it is not impossible that you've found a Python bug, it is much more likely to be an issue with the code itself or a package you are using, so your best sources are the `Python docs`_ and the other resources listed above.
```

Seems missing.
